Update test-and-deploy-microsoft-365-apps.md (#9537)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/test-and-deploy-microsoft-365-apps.md

8. If the app has a status of **Update pending**, you can click on the app to open the Manage pane and update the app.

> [!NOTE]

> > Is this a test deployment is a administrative tag to determine if the app is stll in testing Phase. It has no technical impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Is this a test deployment_ is an administrative tag to determine if the app is still in testing phase. It has no technical impact.
```
